Add Chronicle to Oracles list (#13424)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/developers/docs/oracles/index.md

A DeFi lending protocol, for example, needs to query current market prices for assets (e.g., ETH) deposited as collateral. This lets the contract determine the value of collateral assets and determine how much it can borrow from the system.

> Popular “price oracles” (as they are often called) in DeFi include Chainlink Price Feeds, Compound Protocol’s [Open Price Feed](https://compound.finance/docs/prices), Uniswap’s [Time-Weighted Average Prices (TWAPs)](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v2/concepts/core-concepts/oracles), and [Chronicle Oracles](https://docs.chroniclelabs.org/).

Reviewer: ✂️ Out of scope, reverting:

```suggestion
Popular “price oracles” (as they are often called) in DeFi include Chainlink Price Feeds, Compound Protocol’s [Open Price Feed](https://compound.finance/docs/prices), Uniswap’s [Time-Weighted Average Prices (TWAPs)](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v2/concepts/core-concepts/oracles), and [Maker Oracles](https://docs.makerdao.com/smart-contract-modules/oracle-module).
```

**[Chainlink](https://chain.link/)** - _Chainlink decentralized oracle networks provide tamper-proof inputs, outputs, and computations to support advanced smart contracts on any blockchain._

> **[Chronicle](https://chroniclelabs.org/)** - _Chronicle overcomes the current limitations of transferring data on-chain by developing truly scalable, cost-efficient, decentralized, and verifiable Oracles._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[Chronicle](https://chroniclelabs.org/)** - _Chronicle overcomes the current limitations of transferring data on-chain by developing truly scalable, cost-efficient, decentralized, and verifiable oracles._
```
